--------------------- Backup -----------------------------------------------------

15. debugging --  DONE 
I want to visualize what this code is doing. -- DONE 
Add more debugging within the code -- DONE  
also the pending orders they stay  for a maximum of one position. NOt more (This is not relevant as it is not clear 
how the action is created) -- DONE 

16. Important
At the current state the model just consider the current observation -- DONE 
i want a code that store the pending orders in a vector with pending orders -- DONE
i want to check which orders are exectured, THe id OF the order could be the step executed -- DONE  
I ahve to check all of the prices to which a given order is executed or sold -- DONE 
Fix mistake in position. It gives me position = None but then place an order -- moved to 17 DONE


2. - DONE 
Understand what to assign to the class. So far, everything is assigned to the class, but it does not 
make sense --- DONE 


 20 Open critical points -- DONE 
the first iteration is wrong cause the price of the previous low or high is Na -- DONE
the balance does not change -- DONE
the take profit is wrong (is equal to the entry price ) -- DONE


4. Important - DONE 
There is something wrong in the plot of the VWAP. It's important cause the plot reflect the caluclation of hte VWAP and I need
them to be correct - DONE 
The difference is due to the Time zone. What I can do is to decide a priori which time zone to use and be consistent. so far is hte 
UTC + 0, and I would keep it like this for simplicity


5. Data vis -- DONE 
Consider to create a data visualization tab witht the functions to perform data visualization, AND remove plot_VWAP from the data_fetcher class

6. Strategy Check -- DONE 
- The function should open a trade if the signal is True -- DONE 
- The function should sell only if successive prices touch the take profit or stop loss -- DONE 
- Fix the target RR. It should be Target price = Target RR (enter price - Stop loss). Indeeed, now it is simply Close * Target RR.
I think that so far the functio nassumes that one enters at close price. This hsould be also fixed -- DONE  

8. strategy understnad andf fix -- DONE
- I ahve to understand the P&L and how the trail P&L is computed - DONE
- SOmetimes the stop is too narrow. Why ? -- DONE 
- same cases need debugging (refer to the section in the memorandum)
- The plot now plots the target price. I want to make sure that is an error only of the plot (the target price is reached not always, in 
somecases the trade is closed before) -DONE 

10. class Trading env -- DONE 
- line 266 and 276 assumes that only close price can be considered the current price. THis should be chagned to 
 any price. Indeed it can be for a opening price above the take profit that I close the trade -- I won't change that as this class is 
 only a first example 

14.  Comparison -- DONE 
Confront the old code and the new one. Do it by giving a different name to the new class -- DONE 
 
17 Error in position -- DONE 
Posiiton printed in render function is wrong -- Position printed in the render is simply a wrong view. I called it Position (t-1)
which is the position prior to processing the order, and added a posiiton (t+1) after processing the order  -- DONE 


24 Reward -- -DONE 
The reward function has been added quiclòy --> Check it again

25 reward function improvement -- DONE 
- Consider to improve it a bit.
- It looks a bit weird now all of the results shown 
- Give a reward also for hodling (and not only for profit and loss)
- generally the reward function (as per Open AI gym) is implemented in the step() fucntion. Make sure 
that (since mine is updated in the nextobservation function ) that it is always updated with the current step -- DONE (timing seems to be cofrrect)

------------------- To do ------------------------------------ 

1. 
So far, I am connecting to API which has restrictions, adn therefore will have problems in trading.
Once I have a strategy that works, I have to change that 


3. Plots 
plot_VWAP does not work for some dates.
Try to run the function individually. For example 24 to 26th. 
Update: The problem seems to be solved by putting them in different cells, but I still would address this  


7. Other approach consideration 
Consider take profitConsider to use different take profits, for example a take profit computed on Traget RR and ATR, so that it consider 
the volatiliy


9. Organization 
Consider moving all of the indicators (VWAP, ATR ecc) in the utils tab or in a specific tab for indicator if in the future become messy.
So far they are in the datafetcher but it is pointless

11. Environment -- Done Addressed in 13
- Change the system of rewareds in the trading Env (it should be able to maximize the RR)

12. Training (main.py)
- What is a a multi layer preceptron + document it in the memo 
- line 76: Why this is done in this tab and not in the environment directly ? 
- What is line 78 to 83 doing  ? refer to ChatGPT chat named "TB used later"

13. Improvement needed 
- Better reward function: Reward should be based on actual profit % rather than a simple +1/-1.
- More features in observation space: Add more indicators to give the model better insights.
- Consider trading fees/slippage: This will make the strategy more realistic.
- More advanced action space: Instead of just Buy/Sell/Hold, you could add position sizing (e.g., buy 50%, sell 75%, etc.).
- Longer training time: PPO requires a lot of training data to generalize well.

18 Trading Env 
 Substitute the new trading environment with the old one

 19 stop loss and take profit 
 The take profit should be chosen in function of the target RR 
 THe optimal RR should be subject to decision from the agent

20 #TBR
at the end remove all of the #TBR

21 Wrong RR 
"take_profit": entry_price + ( ( abs(stop_price - entry_price) * self.RR ) * buy_sell_converter )
This should take the stop loss and not the stop price (incorporating the ATR)
To do this, i have to change the stop loss before in the code 

22 Action space for RR 
So far I just tried to manually add a RR. I should add it within the action space as a parameter to be chosen 

23 Performance evaluation 
- consider adding a learning rate to the numerical metrics

24 Try 
Try to train the model on more observation as the performance now is poor. 
